This is probably where the bell up for this course.
I'm a big fan of the the real war brokes.
When you are learning on line so what are building this Web site for these Catalina's by Salloum.
So they sell everything that you need to pamper yourself with Hispanic farm kids and everything and
everything so that you can see that we have the logo right here we have the social networks and search
bar.
Then for example you can see that we have the main menu.
We have the column about all the shop with the categories the blog and the Contact Us page.
Then we have the cartoon on the right.
And that's all we have.
This is neither.
And when I show you how to create This is like that where you see an application right here.
By the way we're going to create these blue cube from scratch.
And then we have these products whenever they are really nice.
Some of these products is that for example you can open the back end of Wordpress and all the brothers
that have this is going to be printed right here.
So let's say that you want to bring in another product.
Maybe this guy in PBF that we're selling click here.
And once they start his field you can open the front and you can see that we had the cutter and S-band
Guy give us a feature in the front and I'm going to show you how to create this plugin from scratch
in this car.
Then if a little Alioto you can see that we have these bar McCaffrey's shipping we secured payments
and we can read refunds.
We're printing these you see in advance custom fields and also for the Icahn's And so we're printing
these categories right here.
So for example you can't be here on concretes imbue all the brogues that belong to this category
next you can see that we have this from kids.
We have a description and here we have their products three different products so you can see that we
have the much of the we have the name of the product and so we are showing their price in dollars.
As the cohered you can look at and you can be next you can see that we have the new in this is the section
all the new brokes So we recommend you can see that we have some right here.
On Sale.
I'm going to show you how to add these save messages.
So for example you can see that here we're saving $90.
And here we're saving 29 percent.
I'm going to show you some really nice tricks that you can use in your store Sonics to have the best
sellers who have something like this.
And then we have this mass search.
Spoil yourself with these high quality brokes then we are using the blog as a marketing tool.
You can see that we have the latest book Andrys.
And for example if I opened this one and this one opened the entry you can see that we have that title
which would be much the content.
And at the end we have the related products.
So this way you can write some blog entries and at the bottom and you can decide which products you
want to showcase.
So we can close these.
And then we have these other entry that we're on we're showing two different approaches.
I'm going to show you how to use a blog as a marketing tool.
Closes at the world and you can see that we have to subscribe to the newsletter.
I'm going to show you how to add this form you see in MailChimp this way your visitors can leave their
email and you can send some exclusive details in their email.
In the future we have these Forder.
You can see we have a section for the about us with some information about these businesses have that
broke up their worries you can see that we have some categories right here.
And also the products with the name and the price in the match on the right.
Then we have the menu and another buyer to make some searches for.
And another bar to search for some brokes.
So this is going to be a really complete design that we're building and I'm going to show you how to
create everything that you can see here.
This is going to be the final product.
You can click on about us and this will up in the About Us page al-Salam shop.
So here on the shop page you will have all the brogues and you can see that we have some something like
these.
You can see that we have the brogues.
This one is on sale and then we have the same message you can up and for example this pro and you will
have more information about this problem.
I'm going to show you how to create this guy that he's called to have the title The subtitle does this
scripture and also hold out ideas to enable sharing on social networks.
You can see that we have these messages right here.
We're not sure you're good at being used to your broke or platies description of your products.
We're going to see everything about the different brokes gross sales and is everything is going to be
covered right here.
If you open the cart you will see I'm going to show you how to add these kind of coupons and I'm going
to show you some other tricks.
Also we're going to see how you can enable people to receive payments on your website any from the hearing
process to check out.
I'm going to show you everything about the chicle page.
Some nice tricks and some good techniques to add more fields remove some content and make these website
more profitable.
When you go to the Web site and on any store is to sell more brokes.
And when I show you a lot of the French tips and techniques to build an amazing online store with wool
combers and wordpress.